update error codes (#361)
emqx/neuron-docs: en_US/configuration/south-devices/modbus-rtu/modbus-rtu.md

| #L  | 1,2     | int16/uint16       | Default byte order if not specified |
| #LL | 1,2,3,4 | int32/uint32/float | Default byte order if not specified |
| #LB | 2,1,4,3 | int32/uint32/float | |
| #BL | 3,4,1,2 | int32/uint32/float | |
| #BB | 4,3,2,1 | int32/uint32/float | |

::: tip

> Byte order may be represented by ABCD, simply correspond 1234 to ABCD. For example, ABCD corresponds to the default Endianness 1234 (# LL).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The byte order can be illustrated using the notation ABCD, which corresponds directly to the sequence 1234. As an example, the ABCD designation represents the standard or default Endianness 1234. (# LL).
```
